bundle: pass drv attrset instead of path (#5456)
NixOS/nix: src/nix/bundle.md

  nix (Nix) 2.4pre20201215_e3ddffb
  ```

* Bundle a Hello using a specific bundler:

  ```console
  # nix bundle --bundler github:NixOS/bundlers#toDockerImage nixpkgs#hello
  # docker load < hello-2.10.tar.gz
  # docker run hello-2.10:latest hello
  Hello, world!
  ```

# Description

`nix bundle`, by default, packs the closure of the *installable* into a single
self-extracting executable. See the [`bundlers`
homepage](https://github.com/NixOS/bundlers) for more details.

> **Note**
>
> This command only works on Linux.

# Bundler definitions

> If no flake output attribute is given, `nix bundle` tries the following

Reviewer: This section should be renamed `# Flake output attributes` for consistency with other commands.

flake output attributes:

* `defaultBundler.<system>`

If an attribute *name* is given, `nix run` tries the following flake
output attributes:

* `bundler.<system>.<name>`

# Bundlers

> An bundlers is specified by a flake output attribute named

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bundler is specified by a flake output attribute named
```

`bundlers.<system>.<name>` or `defaultBundler.<system>`. It looks like this:

```nix
bundlers.x86_64-linux.identity = drv: drv;

bundlers.x86_64-linux.blender_2_79 = drv: self.packages.x86_64-linux.blender_2_79;

defaultBundler.x86_64-linux = drv: drv;
```

> A bundler must be a function that accepts a derivation and returns a derivation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bundler must be a function that accepts an arbitrary value (typically a derivation or app definition) and returns a derivation.
```

Author: @edolstra if the arbitrary value is an installable from a flakeref, should the flakeref details be added in some way? Eg: should the bundler be able to inspect the attrPath or the rev or lastModified as available in "self"?
